Lab Assignment 1
Objective: Basic programs formatted and unformatted Input/output statements, escape sequences, Assignment operators and Arithmetic operators.
1.	Program to convert Fahrenheit to Centigrade.
2.	Program to convert a given number of days to months and days.
Objective: Learn the decision making statement “if”
3.	Program to display English alphabet in uppercase and lowercase.
4.	Read the mark of a student (out of 100) and print the grade.
             if mark>=90  grade A,  if   80<=mark <90 grade B,  if  70<= mark < 80 grade C
             if 60<= mark <  70 grade D, if 50<= mark < 60 grade E,   else “failed”
5.	Find the biggest of three numbers.
6.	Find the roots of a quadratic equation (ax^2+bx+c).
7.	Determine whether a year is leap year or not.
Objective: Learn the iterative statement while
8.	Find the sum of the series 2+4+8+….N, Read N
9.	Print the smallest among a group of numbers.
10.	Check whether a number is an Armstrong number.
Objective: Learn the iterative statement do while
11.	Print the multiplication table of a given number.
12.	Program to display Fibonacci series.
Objective: Learn the iterative statement for
13.	Find the sum of the digits of a number.
14.	Check whether the number is a palindrome number.
15.	Program to display Floyd’s triangle.
16.	Program to print the Prime numbers in a given range.
17.	Program to input a statement and count the alphabets, digits, and special symbols.

Objective: Learn the Array concept in C
18.	Find the largest and second largest among set of numbers.
19.	Program to sort an array of numbers. (Use selection sort, bubble sort).
20.	Program to display magic square.
Objective: Learn the String concept in C
21.	Count the vowels, words and sentences in a paragraph.
22.	Program to check whether a string is palindrome or not.
23.	Simulate string length, copy, concatenation, reverse, replace and substring.
24.	Program to sort n strings.
Objective: Learn the user defined function concept in C
25.	Program to evaluate nCr.
26.	Program to find the largest in an array of n numbers.
27.	Program to display the first N terms of Fibonacci series. (Use recursion).
Objective: Learn the Structure and Union concept in C
28.	Program to accept today’s date and print tomorrow’s date.
29.	Program to print the Mark list of N students. (Use necessary details).
Objective: Learn the Pointers concept in C
30.	Program to sort n numbers.
31.	Program to compare two strings (Use dynamic memory allocation).
32.	Program to multiply two matrices. (Use dynamic memory allocation).
Objective: Learn the Command line argument concept in C
33.	Program to simulate a simple calculator.